accept = string
add_hostdir = on/off
ask_password = on/off
auth_no_challenge = on/off
background = on/off
backup_converted = on/off
base = string
bind_address = address
ca_certificate = file
ca_directory = directory
cache = on/off
certificate = file
certificate_type = string
check_certificate = on/off
connect_timeout = n
content_disposition = on/off
continue = on/off
convert_links = on/off
cookies = on/off
cut_dirs = n
debug = on/off
default_page = string
delete_after = on/off
dir_prefix = string
dirstruct = on/off
dns_cache = on/off
dns_timeout = n
domains = string
dot_bytes = n
dot_spacing = n
dots_in_line = n
egd_file = file
exclude_directories = string
exclude_domains = string
follow_ftp = on/off
follow_tags = string
force_html = on/off
ftp_password = string
ftp_proxy = string
ftp_user = string
glob = on/off
header = string
adjust_extension = on/off
http_keep_alive = on/off
http_password = string
http_proxy = string
http_user = string
https_proxy = string
ignore_case = on/off
ignore_length = on/off
ignore_tags = string
include_directories = string
iri = on/off
inet4_only = on/off
inet6_only = on/off
input = file
keep_session_cookies = on/off
limit_rate = rate
load_cookies = file
local_encoding = encoding
logfile = file
max_redirect = number
mirror = on/off
netrc = on/off
no_clobber = on/off
no_parent = on/off
no_proxy = string
output_document = file
page_requisites = on/off
passive_ftp = on/off
password = string
post_data = string
post_file = file
prefer_family = none/IPv4/IPv6
private_key = file
private_key_type = string
progress = string
protocol_directories = on/off
proxy_password = string
proxy_user = string
quiet = on/off
quota = quota
random_file = file
random_wait = on/off
read_timeout = n
reclevel = n
recursive = on/off
referer = string
reject = string
relative_only = on/off
remote_encoding = encoding
remove_listing = on/off
restrict_file_names = unix/windows
retr_symlinks = on/off
retry_connrefused = on/off
robots = on/off
save_cookies = file
save_headers = on/off
secure_protocol = string
server_response = on/off
span_hosts = on/off
spider = on/off
strict_comments = on/off
timeout = n
timestamping = on/off
tries = n
use_proxy = on/off
user = string
user_agent = string
verbose = on/off
wait = n
wait_retry = n
